README.md, before:

# 🏛️ LINEBot_For_Subsidy_Search 🏛️

- The interface is in Mandarin.目前只支援繁體中文

LINEBot_For_Subsidy_Search involves using Python for web scraping to gather government subsidy information and inputting the data into a database. Users can access this information through a LineBot. The inspiration behind this project was to help people who lost their jobs due to Covid-19, as many were unfamiliar with how to check for available subsidies.

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/architecture_show.png)

## 🏛️ LineID：@044ejumg

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/invite_code.png)

## 🏛️ App demo and features

- General features:
![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/product_intro.png)

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/detail_feature.png)

- Introduction video: 
[![Watch the video](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/ppt_player.png)](https://youtu.be/RaH3swoMWYw)

- [ppt download](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R4njQNKwtHTKzzHQTkVteTzIVxzNIlK6/view?usp=sharing)

 
### Getting Started and Documentation

For installation, see the [install](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/dev/docs/install.md) guide.

### Report a Bug

For filing bugs, suggesting improvements, or requesting new features, please open an [issue]().

## 🏛️ Project Status

### Function-related

- [x] Basic categorization of subsidy queries in the backend for returning to LineBot
  - [X] (After subsidy categorization) Backend fetching data from the database.
- [x] Users inputting a subsidy ID, with the backend retrieving data from the database.
- [x] Writing web scraping program data to the database.
  - [X] Include subsidy categories.
- [X] Problem reporting feature, form has been created.
- [ ] Filter and respond to LineBot frontend options.
- [ ] Optimize the criteria and content for subsidy responses.
- [ ] You can use fuzzy search.
- [ ] Personal information feature.
  - [ ] User inputs personal information, and it is stored in the database.
  - [ ] Recommend subsidies to the user.


### Process-related
- [X] To enhance the CI/CD Build Image process
- [X] Deploying to [Fly.io](https://fly.io/)
- [ ] Optimization of the web scraping process architecture has achieved automated data updates.


## 🏛️ Authors

- [Vicky 古嘉琪](https://github.com/POPOKE)
- [Sunny 李羽珊](https://github.com/s-l-coder)
- [Claire 林佳諠](https://github.com/chiahsuannn)
- [Taylor 吳思儀](https://github.com/taylorwu541)
- [Fionn 郭員亨](https://github.com/Fionn88)

## 🏛️ Team work

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/team_member.png)

Reach us at: yubahotpot2023@gmail.com

## 🏛️ Thank you to those who have offered encouragement and advice.

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/feedback.png)

Commit message:

chore: update bug reporting URL and add license section
- Update the URL for reporting bugs
- Add a license section with a link to the MIT license

Signed-off-by: Fionn88 <coco8802231225@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# 🏛️ LINEBot_For_Subsidy_Search 🏛️

- The interface is in Mandarin.目前只支援繁體中文

LINEBot_For_Subsidy_Search involves using Python for web scraping to gather government subsidy information and inputting the data into a database. Users can access this information through a LineBot. The inspiration behind this project was to help people who lost their jobs due to Covid-19, as many were unfamiliar with how to check for available subsidies.

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/architecture_show.png)

## 🏛️ LineID：@044ejumg

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/invite_code.png)

## 🏛️ App demo and features

- General features:
![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/product_intro.png)

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/detail_feature.png)

- Introduction video: 
[![Watch the video](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/ppt_player.png)](https://youtu.be/RaH3swoMWYw)

- [ppt download](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R4njQNKwtHTKzzHQTkVteTzIVxzNIlK6/view?usp=sharing)

 
### Getting Started and Documentation

For installation, see the [install](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/dev/docs/install.md) guide.

### Report a Bug

For filing bugs, suggesting improvements, or requesting new features, please open an [issue](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/issues).

## 🏛️ Project Status

### Function-related

- [x] Basic categorization of subsidy queries in the backend for returning to LineBot
  - [X] (After subsidy categorization) Backend fetching data from the database.
- [x] Users inputting a subsidy ID, with the backend retrieving data from the database.
- [x] Writing web scraping program data to the database.
  - [X] Include subsidy categories.
- [X] Problem reporting feature, form has been created.
- [ ] Filter and respond to LineBot frontend options.
- [ ] Optimize the criteria and content for subsidy responses.
- [ ] You can use fuzzy search.
- [ ] Personal information feature.
  - [ ] User inputs personal information, and it is stored in the database.
  - [ ] Recommend subsidies to the user.


### Process-related
- [X] To enhance the CI/CD Build Image process
- [X] Deploying to [Fly.io](https://fly.io/)
- [ ] Optimization of the web scraping process architecture has achieved automated data updates.

## Licensing

LINEBot_For_Subsidy_Search is under the [MIT license](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/LICENSE).


## 🏛️ Authors

- [Vicky 古嘉琪](https://github.com/POPOKE)
- [Sunny 李羽珊](https://github.com/s-l-coder)
- [Claire 林佳諠](https://github.com/chiahsuannn)
- [Taylor 吳思儀](https://github.com/taylorwu541)
- [Fionn 郭員亨](https://github.com/Fionn88)

## 🏛️ Team work

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/team_member.png)

Reach us at: yubahotpot2023@gmail.com

## 🏛️ Thank you to those who have offered encouragement and advice.

![image](https://github.com/Fionn88/LineBot-Subsidy/blob/main/readme_assests/feedback.png)
